series: Clarify edge case of zero-length substrings (#1751)
exercism/rust: exercises/practice/series/.docs/instructions.append.md

# Instructions append

> What do you expect the result to be if the length of the substrings is zero?
> There is no one right answer, but we expect you to output a number of empty strings:
> one more than the length of the input string.
> While not intuitive to everyone, this upholds the property that the number of substrings is one more than the length of the input string minus the length of the substrings.

Reviewer: Maybe simplify it and make it a little less apologetic (when someone doesn't have the context of this being controversial, it probably seems confusing to explain it in such depth, rather than just telling them the requirement).

```suggestion
Different languages on Exercism have different expectations about what the result should be if the length of the substrings is zero.
For Rust, we expect you to output a number of empty strings, which will one greater than the length of the input string.
```
